docs: Updated the architecture to match our latest state-of-the-world (#384)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/explanations/why-kurtosis-starlark.md

Attempt 3: Starlark
-------------------
When we discovered Starlark, the fit was obvious. Starlark:

- Is syntactically valid Python, which most developers are familiar with (and Python syntax highlighting Just Works)
- [Intentionally removes many Python features][starlark-differences-with-python], to make Starlark easier to read and understand
- Has [several properties that are very useful for Kurtosis](https://github.com/bazelbuild/starlark#design-principles), thanks to Starlark's origin as a build system configuration language
- [Has been around in Google since at least 2017](https://blog.bazel.build/2017/03/21/design-of-skylark.html), meaning it's well-vetted
- Is used for both Google and Facebook's build system, meaning it isn't going away any time soon
- [Is used by several other companies beyond Google and Facebook](https://github.com/bazelbuild/starlark/blob/master/users.md#users)

Conclusion
----------

> So far we've been very happy with our Starlark decision. If you've never used Starlark before, you might enjoy [the quickstart][quickstart] for an introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, both our users and our team have been very happy with our decision to go with Starlark. If you've never used Starlark before, [the quickstart][quickstart]  will be a good introduction.
```
